1	STUPID FIGHT	Tell what you are fighting about.	N	2	B	I am 100% right.	I'm mostly right, but there is a grain of truth in what you say.	We're equally right.	Sorry, I'm wrong.
2	WHO WAS THAT?	I saw you talking intently with somebody yesterday. Who was that?	N	2	P	That was a colleague from work. We were discussing the project that's being a nightmare... as you already know!	Hmmm. That couldn't have been me. I went straight home from the office.	That was my ex. I thought they had left town. I wasn't expecting to see them.	I don't want to talk about this now. But it was nothing.
3	A SEX TAPE	I had video with some... ahem... personal things on it. Did you take it?	You just saw the video. How do you react?	2	P	That was interesting. Perhaps we should try something similar?	I don't believe this! You pervert! You sick, sick bastard...	(Ignore it. It's not my business).	(Cry wildly.)
4	YOUR FRIEND SAYS THAT...	(A friend says) I've heard that your partner says they are tired of how you behave and wishes you would change.	What is your reaction to these rumors?	2	P	Of course I'll change. Why didn't you tell me? No need for rumors.	Don't talk about me behind my back!	Believe me. I've tried to change. It's too much effort.
5	MY AUNT IS COMING TOWN	She would never approve of us. Can we tell her that we're just friends?	How does the PARTNER react, and how does the PLAYER hope they react?	2	B	I understand. You should tell her when it feels right to you.	She shouldn't visit us under false pretenses. You should tell her before she arrives.	I know it's difficult for you. But we really need to tell her. Let's tell her in a calm way once she's here.	You can see her, but I won't be there. I'll be at work. Besides, I wouldn't know what to say.
6	BAFFLED STRANGER	(Stranger standing in front of you in a queue) Are you a couple? I would never have guessed people like you could be lovers.	How do you both react?	2	B	(React with silence.)	Of course people "like us" can be lovers. What's wrong with that?	(Don't hold back and show clear affection in front of everyone)	Yeah, things are changing. Luckily the world has become more safe for people like us.
7	YOU SHOULD SELL YOUR...	It's for your own good. Tell what personal item(s) the PARTNER should sell.	N	2	P	My [tell what was mentioned]? Are you insame?! This is part of who I am. I would never even consider selling this.	If it's important to you then alright. It's just stuff. Why not throw it all out?
8	ARGUMENT AT THE RESTAURANT	I can't believe you did that! This kind of thing makes me so mad!	How do you both continue the discussion?	2	B	Sorry, honey. You're right. I'm wrong.	You know I'm right!	Let's stop this stupid fight. I love you and just want to have a good time with you.
9	TOMORROW AT 10?	(Text message on PLAYER'S phone) See you tomorrow at 10?	You accidently saw the text message. What do you do?	2	P	(Confront my partner and have a fight.)	(Ignore it. It must be a mistake.)	(Write down the number, and try to find out who wrote the test.)
10	I HAVE A CHILD WITH SOMEONE ELSE	Hon... There's something I need to tell you. It happened a long time ago.	N	2	P	We all have a past. Don't worry.	... (walk away)	I'm not sure if this is something I want to be a part of.
11	YOU NEED TO FORGIVE ME	I know it's difficult to trust me. I know I made a mistake. (PLAYER tell what happened) But I want to change. I promise you, this will NEVER happen again. I will do everything necessary to change.	N	2	P	Ok. I'll forgive you.	No way. I don't believe you'll change.
12	MY BEST FRIEND DIED	I just don't know what to do. I feel like I have a huge hole in my stomach.	N	2	P	He lived a good life. Cheer up. Crying won't bring him back.	I'm so sorry he died, and I feel so sad for you. Let me hold you.	I never spoke with him. Why did I never meet him?
13	ACTUALLY, I'M STILL MARRIED	Yes... I'm still married. I'm sorry you found out like this. It wasn't meant to be a secret.	N	2	P	You make me happy no matter what.	Like in M - A - R - R - I - E - D? Shit. Shit. I always end up with losers.	I assume you're separated and that you don't have any other secrets? Right?	No problem. I'm okay with both of us having multiple partners.
14	FACEBOOK DRAMA	Your mom's friend just posted pictures of us on Facebook. She's claiming you're possessed by the devil. She's revealing facts about our private life to everyone she knows and asking them to pray for your conversion. This is insane.	N	2	B	(Start a shouting match on Facebook.)	(Call her and let her know how you really feel about her.)	(Call her and try to explain in a calm way that what she did was completely unacceptable.)	(Do nothing and hope that the whole thing blows over sooner rather than later.)